feat(config): remove manager additionalBranchPrefix defaults (#9373)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

## additionalBranchPrefix

This value defaults to an empty string, and is typically not necessary.

> Some managers previously populate this field, but they no longer do it by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some managers previously populated this field, but they no longer do so by default.
```

- The sentence is in the past tense, so `populate` should be `populated`.
- `do it` -> `do so` looks better to me.
